Merry and bright with Fortnum & Mason

We get into the festive spirit and deck the halls for Fortnum’s Christmas Lodge at Somerset House

Fortnum & Mason have done it again and created a wonderful 'Together We're Merrier' theme for their exquisite Lodge at Somerset House. See how we helped bring this delightful one-of-a-kind space to life.

Olympic proportions

Our printing and manufacturing teams set about producing over fifty metres of printed vinyl graphics, more than enough to span an olympic-size pool! These look fantastic at a grand scale and bring some extra festive cheer to greet the customers.

Every space we work in is different, each with its own unique set of challenges. This was our first time installing such a large amount of vinyl in the Lodge’s cosy corridor and we’re thrilled to have received such positive feedback from our client.

Wall’s Treat

Our vinyl adventure continues with beautifully crafted descriptive text appearing in different sizes and sumptuous finishes across the walls, inviting patrons to key locations within the building and perfectly zoning distinct product areas in a simple yet elegant style.

Frames of gold

To compliment the decorative wall signage we installed luxurious gold frames surrounding the beautiful photography that perfectly captures the essence of the products on display. We printed these on silk paper for the best possible effect.

Making an entrance

We installed bespoke signage above the entrance to compliment the overall aesthetic and clearly entice customers to “All the Lovely Things”.

A veritable smörgåsbord of delight

Adding to the creative pallet are the very enticing bar and restaurant menus. We simply loved installing these larger than life graphics to take pride of place within the Lodge’s dining areas.

There’s no getting away from the fact that the Lodge offers a friendly atmosphere. We’re happy to have helped bring this amazing space to life in just a couple of weeks. A wonderful place to eat, drink and be merry with friends and family this festive time of year.

Contact any one of our business development team for more information or to request a quote today

natalie@visionon.net
fran@visionon.net
james@visionon.net

visionon.net