Raising the bar with Joe Browns’ first ever store

We team up with the online fashion retailer to bring their first ever physical store to life

The eagerly anticipated 4,000 sq ft store is now open and wonderfully captures the fun and colour of the lifestyle brand. It was fantastic to partner with creative agency Dalziel & Pow on this incredible project.

Look sharp

One of our specialities here at Vision On is VM styling. We loved meticulously crafting the visual merchandising for the whole store. Wall bays, tables, footwear and high-level areas all fell under our creative sensibilities and we couldn’t be happier with the end result.

Impeccably dressed mannequins play a vital role in the look and feel of any great fashion retail display. That’s why we put our heart and soul into dressing all of the mannequins in this exciting project, both for in-store and windows, creating a cohesive look that compliments every part of the visual experience.

Make like a tree

We created the in-store foliage by hand, on site, to beautifully frame the interior and execute the design in the best way possible. This included designing, manufacturing and installing two bespoke autumn foliage pieces and a dedicated arrangement that takes pride of place within the heart of the store.

Top of the props

The playful perimeter wall displays we installed further help draw attention to key areas of the store, with a visually stimulating array of found objects and decals.

We put additional props, provided by Joe Browns, to good use in the merchandising of table areas and high-level perimeter walls that catch the customers’ eye.

The reaction has been incredible. Our specialist VM treatment coupled with thoughtful design and a strong product focus has got everyone excited about this fantastic looking store. We can’t wait to see what’s next!

Contact any one of our business development team for more information or to request a quote today

natalie@visionon.net
fran@visionon.net
james@visionon.net

visionon.net