Aaaaaaaand the winners are...

We celebrate bringing to life awesome award-winning visual displays for our clients

The Hilton Hotel in London’s Park Lane played host to the eagerly anticipated Retail Week Interiors Awards and we couldn’t be more thrilled to have played a part in some of the award-winning designs. 

Best Overseas UK Store Launch:
Primark, Damrak, Amsterdam

We loved the uniqueness of this incredible seven storey project, particularly in orchestrating the design, manufacturing, project management and installation of hundreds of perimeter pattern decals.

Collaborating with internationally acclaimed design studio HMKM was fantastic and we were happy to contribute our years of experience in designing and manufacturing directly for Primark. We quickly set about converting the studio's incredible graphics into production-ready formats, ready to be installed. 

We designed and manufactured chrome lightboxes with accompanying mirror polished stainless steel "roofs" that compliment the historic city's architecture. Project Damrak was well received by our client and the award is well earned by all involved. 

Retail Interior of the Year AND The Monaghans Best Mall Store:
Missguided, Westfield Stratford City, London

Missguided are on a roll with their bedazzling 20,000 square foot Stratford City store scooping up not one but two prestigious awards. We manufactured the bespoke curved metal frames and canvas covers that make up an integral part of the store’s resplendent interior.

The mannequin plinths were designed to integrate seamlessly with the store’s unique aesthetic, so we hand-crafted them to meticulous detail.

We were approached to produce all manner of props for placement around the store. Everything from colourful doughnuts to pineapples that pop, and tongue-in-cheek Instagram blocks lovingly made by our specialist in-house production crew.

With this incredible store Missguided also produced something fun and distinctive for their customers; a vending machine selling ‘unicorn dreams’. We were delighted to have been asked to help produce the bespoke labelling for these magical cans.

Helping the project grow from initial design to winning awards is something we’re incredibly proud to have been a part of.

Top pick for best-designed store:
Primark, Gran Vía, Madrid

In addition to the official awards, Retail Week scours the globe every year for its pick of the best-designed stores. This year, Primark’s spectacular Gran Vía store in Madrid has rightfully earned itself a place.

Partnering with leading design agency Dalziel & Pow, we produced stunning lightboxes and head-turning vinyl graphics to enhance the overall experience. The huge centrepiece escalator wall lightbox feature adds to the grandeur of this spectacular store. 

Contact any one of our business development team for more information or to request a quote today

natalie@visionon.net
fran@visionon.net
james@visionon.net

visionon.net